Hi to all of you
it's this pack shores today I
decided to make a video for you
show how to have the bat of
baseball so it's very simple actually
you have to go to the pause menu in the
menu in English online so go
in the activities later prepares a
show called and the office
grassi here is this one is a mission
from leicester I then start again
the mission
So here we start the activity
so swimming and I have a bat of
baseball on drowning there so I have there I
let go I have the charge of a triangle for
leave her like that at home and well
to show you
what will you do at the point of the mission
so there you have to grab the come
ap tons and there are enemies that we
wait and
so there are enemies with weapons
others with masters to offer them
so here and here I picked up the
baseball bat so that's it I'm going
you will go back there I want them
let go so I do not have the path to
bond and that's the nice guy he had
the baseball ball top
here I go again and so here it is
in this mission that we can have
the baseball bat alone without
to do activity- type clashes
or small method that with ya like
that on the internet here after you can
continue my mission
Here I hope this mission 95 hp
and video you do not have anymore to the east on the
cover of me